c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\ChefTest4.Droid.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\ChefTest4.Droid.pdb
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\ChefTest4.Droid.apk
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\ChefTest4.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\ChefTest4.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\ChefTest4.pdb
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\ChefTest4.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\ChefTest4.Droid.dll
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\ChefTest4.Droid.pdb
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\android\bin\ChefTest4.Droid.apk
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\R.cs.flag
c:\users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\obj\Release\ChefTest4.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\zach\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChefTest4\ChefTest4\ChefTest4.Droid\bin\Release\ChefTest4.Droid.dll.mdb
